Gurudwara Sri Nanak Jhira Saheb Bidar, a Trust/ Foundation incorporated under the Indian Trust Act, 1882, having its registered office at Bidar(hereinafter referred to as “Foundation”, “We”, “Us”, “Our” and terms of similar meaning) is committed to protecting Your privacy. This Privacy Policy shall apply to the User of the Platform (as defined in the Terms of Use). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the User, shall hereinafter be referred to as “You”, “Your” or “Yourself”. This Privacy Policy shall be read in conjunction and together with the Terms of Use and forms an integral part of the agreement between You and the Foundation (“Terms of Use”).In the event of any conflict between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy the provisions of the Terms of Use shall supersede the Privacy Policy. While any conflict dealing with the data on the Platform, the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall supersede the Terms of Use. All capitalized terms not defined under this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the applicable Terms of Use. The Platform Gurbani Connect and the corresponding mobile application (collectively, “Platforms”), are managed and operated by the Foundation. Any natural or legal person who accesses and/or uses the Platforms in any manner or uses any current or future service or functionality or offer made available on the Platforms (“Service”) will be subject to the terms and conditions for use of the Platforms as updated from time to time. The Foundation has adopted this Privacy Policy to set out the manner in which personal data and other information is collected, received, stored, processed, disclosed, transferred, dealt with and handled by the Foundation in relation to Your use of Platforms i.e. The Platforms may contain links to other Platforms and applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that You provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party through the Platforms, and any third-party Platforms or application that You access through the Paltforms which leads to a third-party Platform or application not controlled/operated by Us. selected.
nal Information in accordance with all applicable laws in India, that is Information Technology Act of 2000 (hereinafter referred to as “IT Act”), Digital Personal Data Protection Act of 2023 (hereinafter referred to as “DPDP Act”), which makes us compliant with the major mandates of international laws and standards. The Privacy Policy constitutes an electronic record within the meaning of the applicable law. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. If You do not accept and agree with Our Privacy Policy, then You must cease to access or use of Our Platform. We commit to protecting Your privacy and hence Our Personal Data (defined herein below) handling practices are continually reviewed to ensure compliance with the applicable Privacy laws and regulations. 1. Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following Clause 2. The following definitions shall have the same meaning, regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural form. 2. Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy selected.
15
/35 
b.“Application/App” means the Gurbani Connect, to Users for accessing and watching Content, including all features and functionalities and user interfaces. c. “Cache” means a high-speed data storage layer which stores a subset of data, typically transient in nature. d.“Foundation” refers to Gurudwara Sri Nanak Jhira Saheb Bidar. e."Consent" means freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous agreement by the user to the processing of their personal information. f. “Cookies” are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device, by Our Platform, containing the details of Your browsing history on Our Platform. g.“Device” means any IT device that can access the Platform such as a computer, a cellphone, handheld device and/or a digital tablet. h.“Non-Personal Data” shall mean data that is not Personal Data. 3. “Personally Identifiable Information” shall mean information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. a. “Personal Information/ Data” means any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly or in combination with other information available with Us, can identify an individual. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. b.“Sensitive Personal Data or Information” means sensitive information of any individual relating to password; physical, physiological and mental health condition; sexual orientation; medical records; biometric information; any detail relating to the above as provided to or received by Us for processing or storage. However, any data/ information relating to an individual that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other applicable law shall not qualify as Sensitive Personal Data. c. “Services” means the Gurbani Connect, to Users for accessing and watching Content, including all features and functionalities, the application, and user interfaces and software and websites/ web pages associated with the Service selected.
16
/35 
d.“Site(s)" means collectively all online platforms, applications other digital services owned, operated, or controlled by Us that link to/or display this Privacy Policy. This includes, but is not limited to, the primary Platform at ___________ subdomains, and other online services provided by Us. e.“User” means the individual accessing or using the Platform, or the Foundation, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Platform, as applicable. 4. THIS PRIVACY POLICY HAS BEEN DESIGNED AND DEVELOPED TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND THE FOLLOWING: a.The type of Personal Information that the Foundation, though its Platform collects from its User(s). b.The purpose of the collection of means and modes of usage of such Personal Information by the Foundation. c.How and to whom the Foundation will disclose such information. d.How the Foundation will protect the Personal Information that is collected from the User(s); and e.How Users may access and/or modify their Personal Information. 5. COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA. WHATWE COLLECT a. We collect the data provided by you as User Profile Data.Thisinformationisprimarilyneededtomaintainthesecurityandoperationof Our sites, and for Our internal analytics and reporting purposes. While using Our Platform, may ask. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of Our sites, and for Our internal analytics and reporting purposes. While using Our Platform may ask You to provide Us with Your following Personal Data: I) Username II) Email Address III) Phone number IV) Date of birth V) Gender VI) Profile Photo VII) Bio VIII) Location b. We collect Your Personal Information and Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Personal Information means and includes all the information related to an identified or identifiable natural person. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information toidentify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. We collect Personal Information that You voluntarily provide to Us when
17
/35 
expressing an interest in obtaining information about Us or Our products and services when participating in activities on the Sites or otherwise contacting us. The type of data collected as PII includes full name, address, date of birth, contact information. c. When use Our Platform through Your device, We may receive information about Your location and Your device, including a unique identifier number (UIN) of Your device, device model, unique device identifiers, operating systems, apps versions, advertisement identifiers and mobile network information. We may use this information to provide You withlocationbasedPlatformincludingbutnotlimitedtosearchresultsandotherpersonalizedcontent. d. While using Our platform, details such as mobility data, geolocation, movement patterns, distance traveled and network carrier may be collected when You use Our application available on mobile and other hand-held devices. e. Communications details such as the metadata and other Personal Sensitive Data We get from communications done through e-mails, SMS, instant messages and calls. f. In addition to the above, We may obtain and use the following Personal Data about You and anyone You chose to add to Our Platform. We also collect Usage Data generated from the circumstances below: I) Correspondence: Any correspondence We have with Users or should the Contact Us. II) Your preferences & Installed Apps Data: Your preferences and settings such as time zone and language. III) Your searches and other activities: The search terms You have looked up and results You selected. IV) Your browsing information: How long You used Our Platform, and which features You used; the ads You clicked on. V) Your Calendar Data: We can integrate this Platform features like event reminders, community meeting, and religious event notification. VI) Your Search: Details of Your visits to Platform, which includes without limitation location and traffic data, weblogs, resources You access and other communication data. VII) Your Content: Information You provide through Our Platform, including Your email address, phone number, name, and details of the product search. VIII) Your Public Posts: You also may provide information (such as ratings, reviews, tips, photos, comments, likes, bookmarks, etc.) to be published or displayed on publicly accessible areas of Our Platform or transmitted to other third-parties Platforms. (this we should take some clarity sir ) IX) Location: When You use one of Our location-enabled services (for example, when You access Platform from a mobile device), We may collect and process information about Your mobile device’s GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of Your mobile device) and the time the location information is recorded to customize the Platform with location-based information and features. X) UsageData:Toelaborate,allkindsofUsageDataarecollectedautomaticallywhenusingthePlatf orm.UsageDatamayincludeinformationsuchasUserdevice’sinternetprotocol address (e.g.,
